Part-03-Build-Apps-Using-DOM-Manipulation/ReadMe.md, before:

# JavaScript Projects

1. **Calculator App:** **[Live Link](https://dom-apps.netlify.app/01-calculator/)**
> Build a simple calculator app which performs simple arithmetic operations such as addition, subtraction, multiplication and division.
2. **Stopwatch App:** **[Live Link](https://dom-apps.netlify.app/02-stopwatch/)**
> Build a Stopwatch app which starts by pressing the button start and stop by stop button also there is a reset button.
3. **Countdown App:** **[Live Link](https://dom-apps.netlify.app/03-Countdown/)**
> Build a countdown app which takes the start position from the user and on reaching zero, the countdown stops.
4. **Word Count App:**
> Build a word count app which only calculates the number of characters given by the user.
5. **Palindrome Checker Game:**
> Users can enter text or numbers and check whether the entered value is palindrome or not by clicking on the check button.
6. **Complete Form Validation:**
> Create a simple signup form with four input fields: username, email, password, confirm password and when you click the sign up without filling anything or incorrect data, the form will show an error message. To validate the password you can use RegEx. 
7. **To-do App:**
> Build a simple To-Do app which adds tasks, edit the tasks and also delete the tasks.
8. **Colour game:**
> It's a colour predicting game in which you have to predict the colours resulting from the combination of primary colours.
9. **Typing Game:**
> On clicking on start typing the counter starts and displays the time the user takes to type.
10. **Expense Tracker:**
> Creates an Expense tracker app in which users can track expenses incurred by them.
11. **Info/ Memory Card Game:**
> When you click on a picture, it flips over and shows the image. You are handed a collection of cards with graphics on the back that are turned. A victory for you would be if you clicked on two identical photos.
12. **Music Player:**
> Build a music player app which has some features like play, pause, Volume-up, volume-down, previous, next button.
13. **Video player:**
> Create a video player App using JavaScript.
14. **Drum kit:**
> Build a drum kit app in which players can make a corresponding drum noise by pressing each key.
15. **Bookmark App:**
> Create a bookmark app which helps us to store different website links using local storage. There is a section where we find all the saved bookmarks.
16. **Random Quote Generator:**
> Build a Quote generator app on each refresh that gives us different quotes.
17. **Cart App:** 
> Build a shopping cart app on each new product select, it will add in the cart section. Users can modify the item count and price will update automatically.
18. **Filter app:**
> Build a filter app where User wants to filter the data based on some criteria like size, colour, price etc.
19. **Flash card information:**
> When users type anything in the text, it will show in a card.
20. **Budget app:**
> This Web app helps users to add his/her expenses and income and calculate their available budget.
21. **Loan Calculator (Home, Car, Bike Personal):**
> It will calculate the monthly EMI of home/car/Bike by taking the total amount, months to repay and the rate of interest.
22. **Clipboard:**
> Whenever a user wants to store something in the clipboard, he enters in the textbox and on clicking on submit button, it will save in the clipboard.
23. **Autocomplete Search:**
> When a user searches anything in the search bar, suggestions must be shown in the dropdown (Don't use any frameworks).
24. **Hex Code for Selected Colour:**
> When a user selects any particular colour, it shows the Hex code.
25. **Theme Changer:**
> Users can select if they want dark or light mode on selection immediate selection must occur.

Commit message:

Updated live links for WordCount, PalindromeChecker & MusicPlayer Apps

Part-03-Build-Apps-Using-DOM-Manipulation/ReadMe.md, after:

# JavaScript Projects

1. **Calculator App:** **[Live Link](https://dom-apps.netlify.app/01-calculator/)**
> Build a simple calculator app which performs simple arithmetic operations such as addition, subtraction, multiplication and division.
2. **Stopwatch App:** **[Live Link](https://dom-apps.netlify.app/02-stopwatch/)**
> Build a Stopwatch app which starts by pressing the button start and stop by stop button also there is a reset button.
3. **Countdown App:** **[Live Link](https://dom-apps.netlify.app/03-Countdown/)**
> Build a countdown app which takes the start position from the user and on reaching zero, the countdown stops.
4. **Word Count App:** **[Live Link](https://dom-apps.netlify.app/04-WordCount/)**
> Build a word count app which only calculates the number of characters given by the user.
5. **Palindrome Checker Game:** **[Live Link](https://dom-apps.netlify.app/05-Palindrome-Checker/)**
> Users can enter text or numbers and check whether the entered value is palindrome or not by clicking on the check button.
6. **Complete Form Validation:**
> Create a simple signup form with four input fields: username, email, password, confirm password and when you click the sign up without filling anything or incorrect data, the form will show an error message. To validate the password you can use RegEx.
7. **To-do App:**
> Build a simple To-Do app which adds tasks, edit the tasks and also delete the tasks.
8. **Colour game:**
> It's a colour predicting game in which you have to predict the colours resulting from the combination of primary colours.
9. **Typing Game:**
> On clicking on start typing the counter starts and displays the time the user takes to type.
10. **Expense Tracker:**
> Creates an Expense tracker app in which users can track expenses incurred by them.
11. **Info/ Memory Card Game:**
> When you click on a picture, it flips over and shows the image. You are handed a collection of cards with graphics on the back that are turned. A victory for you would be if you clicked on two identical photos.
12. **Music Player:** **[Live Link](https://dom-apps.netlify.app/06-MusicPlayer/)**
> Build a music player app which has some features like play, pause, Volume-up, volume-down, previous, next button.
13. **Video player:**
> Create a video player App using JavaScript.
14. **Drum kit:**
> Build a drum kit app in which players can make a corresponding drum noise by pressing each key.
15. **Bookmark App:**
> Create a bookmark app which helps us to store different website links using local storage. There is a section where we find all the saved bookmarks.
16. **Random Quote Generator:**
> Build a Quote generator app on each refresh that gives us different quotes.
17. **Cart App:** 
> Build a shopping cart app on each new product select, it will add in the cart section. Users can modify the item count and price will update automatically.
18. **Filter app:**
> Build a filter app where User wants to filter the data based on some criteria like size, colour, price etc.
19. **Flash card information:**
> When users type anything in the text, it will show in a card.
20. **Budget app:**
> This Web app helps users to add his/her expenses and income and calculate their available budget.
21. **Loan Calculator (Home, Car, Bike Personal):**
> It will calculate the monthly EMI of home/car/Bike by taking the total amount, months to repay and the rate of interest.
22. **Clipboard:**
> Whenever a user wants to store something in the clipboard, he enters in the textbox and on clicking on submit button, it will save in the clipboard.
23. **Autocomplete Search:**
> When a user searches anything in the search bar, suggestions must be shown in the dropdown (Don't use any frameworks).
24. **Hex Code for Selected Colour:**
> When a user selects any particular colour, it shows the Hex code.
25. **Theme Changer:**
> Users can select if they want dark or light mode on selection immediate selection must occur.
